gtthread_init
schedule init
main thread create
set up timer and signal
set 80 successful
create finish
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
alarm
enter schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
Hello World!
1, j=0
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
Hello World!
2, j=0
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
Hello World!
3, j=0
3, j=1
3, j=2
3, j=3
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 0
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=1
1, j=2
1, j=3
1, j=4
1, j=5
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=1
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=4
3, j=5
3, j=6
3, j=7
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 0
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main
main finish
0 die
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
die to here
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=2
2, j=3
2, j=4
2, j=5
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=6
1, j=7
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=6
2, j=7
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=8
3, j=9
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=8
1, j=9
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=8
2, j=9
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=10
3, j=11
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=10
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=10
2, j=11
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=12
3, j=13
3, j=14
3, j=15
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=11
1, j=12
1, j=13
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=12
2, j=13
2, j=14
2, j=15
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=16
3, j=17
3, j=18
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=16
2, j=17
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=19
3, j=20
3, j=20
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=14
1, j=15
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=18
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=21
3, j=22
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=16
1, j=17
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=19
2, j=20
2, j=21
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=23
3, j=24
3, j=25
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=18
1, j=19
1, j=20
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=22
2, j=23
2, j=24
2, j=25
2, j=26
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=26
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=21
1, j=22
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=27
2, j=28
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=27
3, j=28
3, j=29
3, j=30
3, j=31
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=23
1, j=24
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=29
2, j=30
2, j=31
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=32
3, j=33
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=25
1, j=26
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=32
2, j=33
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=34
3, j=35
3, j=36
3, j=37
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=27
1, j=28
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=34
2, j=35
2, j=36
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=38
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=29
1, j=30
1, j=31
1, j=32
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=37
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=39
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=33
1, j=34
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=38
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=40
3, j=41
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=35
1, j=36
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=39
2, j=40
2, j=41
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=42
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=37
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=42
2, j=43
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=43
3, j=44
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=38
1, j=39
1, j=40
1, j=41
1, j=41
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=44
2, j=45
2, j=46
2, j=47
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=45
3, j=46
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=42
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=48
2, j=49
2, j=50
2, j=51
2, j=52
2, j=53
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=47
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=43
1, j=44
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=54
2, j=55
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=48
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=45
1, j=46
1, j=47
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=56
2, j=57
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=49
3, j=50
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=48
1, j=49
1, j=50
1, j=51
1, j=52
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=51
3, j=52
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=53
1, j=54
1, j=55
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=58
2, j=59
2, j=60
2, j=61
2, j=62
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=53
3, j=54
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=56
1, j=57
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=63
2, j=64
2, j=65
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=55
3, j=56
3, j=57
3, j=58
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=58
1, j=59
1, j=60
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=66
2, j=67
2, j=68
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=59
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=61
1, j=62
1, j=63
1, j=64
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=69
2, j=70
2, j=71
2, j=72
2, j=73
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=60
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=65
1, j=66
1, j=67
1, j=68
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=61
3, j=62
3, j=63
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=69
1, j=70
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=74
2, j=75
2, j=76
2, j=77
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=64
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=71
1, j=72
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=78
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=65
3, j=66
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=73
1, j=74
1, j=75
1, j=76
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=79
2, j=80
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=67
3, j=68
3, j=69
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=77
1, j=78
1, j=79
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=81
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=70
3, j=71
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=80
1, j=81
1, j=82
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=72
3, j=73
3, j=74
3, j=75
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=83
1, j=84
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=82
2, j=83
2, j=84
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=76
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=85
1, j=86
1, j=87
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=85
2, j=86
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=77
3, j=78
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=88
1, j=89
1, j=90
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=87
2, j=88
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=79
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=91
1, j=92
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=89
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=80
3, j=81
3, j=82
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=93
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=90
2, j=91
2, j=92
2, j=93
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=94
1, j=95
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=94
2, j=95
2, j=96
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 1 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=83
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 1
1, j=96
1, j=97
1, j=98
1, j=99
1 finish
call exit
1 die
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 
die to here
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=97
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=84
3, j=85
3, j=86
3, j=87
3, j=88
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=98
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=89
3, j=90
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 2 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 2
2, j=99
2 finish
call exit
2 die
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 
die to here
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=91
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=92
3, j=93
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=94
3, j=95
3, j=96
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=97
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=98
alarm
swap into schedule function
list 
3 
swap out of schedule function
i'm come back 3
3, j=99
3 finish
call exit
3 die
swap into schedule function
list 
3 
die to here
leave schedule, whole program exit
whole program terminate!
