gtthread_init
schedule init
main thread create
set up timer and signal
create finish
main
enter schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
Hello World!
1, j=0
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
Hello World!
2, j=0
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
Hello World!
3, j=0
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=1
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=1
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=1
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=2
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=2
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=2
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=3
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=3
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=3
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=4
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=4
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=4
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=5
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=5
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=5
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=6
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=6
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=6
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=7
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=7
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=7
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=8
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=8
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=8
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=9
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=9
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=9
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=10
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=10
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=10
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=11
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=11
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=11
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=12
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=12
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=12
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=13
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=13
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=13
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=14
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=14
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=14
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=15
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=15
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=15
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=16
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
2, j=16
swap into schedule function
list 
3 0 1 2 
swap out of schedule function
3, j=16
swap into schedule function
list 
0 1 2 3 
swap out of schedule function
main
swap into schedule function
list 
1 2 3 0 
swap out of schedule function
1, j=17
swap into schedule function
list 
2 3 0 1 
swap out of schedule function
